Sanday is one of the inhabited islands of Orkney that lies off the north coast of mainland Scotland.
With an area of 50.43 km2 , Sanday is the third largest of the inhabited islands of Orkney.
The main centres of population are Lady Village and Kettletoft.
Sanday can be reached by Orkney Ferries or by plane from Kirkwall on mainland Scotland.
On Sanday, an on demand public minibus service allows connecting to the ferry.
Catterick Camp railway station was a railway station in what is now the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.
Catterick Camp railway station was built as the terminus of the sub branch of the Eryholme Richmond branch line to serve Catterick Camp, now Catterick Garrison.
Along with the rest of the stations on the sub branch of the Eryholme Richmond branch line Catterick Camp railway station was closed in 1964.
On 15 September 1917, a set of carriages ran away from Catterick Camp railway station and were derailed.
Three people were killed.
South Lanarkshire is one of 32 unitary authorities of Scotland.
South Lanarkshire borders the south east of the City of Glasgow and contains some of Greater Glasgows suburbs,also containing many towns and villages.
South Lanarkshire also shares borders with Dumfries and Galloway, East Ayrshire, East Renfrewshire, North Lanarkshire, the Scottish Borders and West Lothian.
South Lanarkshire includes part of the historic county of Lanarkshire.
Hinksey Hill is a hill and residential area 2 miles south of the village.
Hinksey Hill was part of Berkshire until the 1974 boundary changes transferred Hinksey Hill to Oxfordshire.
At the foot of Hinksey Hill is Hinksey Hill Interchange where the Abingdon By Pass joins the Southern By Pass Road.
The road up Hinksey Hill was the route of the A34 until the 1970s, when the Abingdon Bypass was completed.
The road up the hill is now an unclassified road.
Hinksey Hill has a good view of Oxfords skyline.
Westbury is a village and parish in Shropshire, England.
Westbury includes the settlements of Caus Forest, Lake, Marche, Newtown, Stoney Stretton, Vennington, Wallop, Westbury, Whitton, Winsley and Yockleton.
It lies 8 miles closed in 2017, merging in a federation with Worthen and Hope into the Long Mountain School at Worthen.
